README.md, before:

# JustTodo

A todo fullstack application with user and login functionality.

Uses PostgreSQL, Node, Express, GraphQL, and React.

---

## Installation

1. In **root** as well as **/frontend** and **/backend**, run `npm install`.

### Setup database

2. Set up a postgreSQL database (note credentials for config in step 4).
3. Use `npm run migrate up`-script below to setup tables and columns.

### Configure .env

4. Configure **/backend/.env** (and **/frontend/.env**) to setup environment variables pointing to backend server, db, etc.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you may run:

### `npm start`

Runs the backend and frontend in development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser. The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run backend:start`

Runs the backend in development mode.

Listens on port 8000 and uses /graphql for api calls. Open [http://localhost:8000/graphql](http://localhost:8000/graphql) for interactive graphql interface.

### `npm run frontend:start`

Runs the frontend in development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser. The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run prettier`

Format project through [https://prettier.io/](Prettier). See _/.prettierrc_ for custom rules.

Pro-Tip! Use format-on-save setting in your editor when making changes.

### `npm run migrate [up|down]`

Migrate db from current version, use it to setup tables and columns from fresh database.

Use `npm run migrate up` to migrate up completely. To migrate {N} migrations from current step, use `npm run migrate up {N}`. `npm run migrate down` migrates down one step at a time.

Commit message:

add fullstack:install script (and update readme)

README.md, after:

# JustTodo

A todo fullstack application with user and login functionality.

Uses PostgreSQL, Node, Express, GraphQL, and React.

---

## Installation

1. In **root** as well as **/frontend** and **/backend**, run `npm install`. Or just run:

```
npm run fullstack:install
```

### Setup database

2. Set up a postgreSQL database (note credentials for config in step 4).
3. Use `npm run migrate up`-script below to setup tables and columns.

### Configure .env

4. Configure **/backend/.env** (and **/frontend/.env**) to setup environment variables pointing to backend server, db, etc.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you may run:

### `npm start`

Runs the backend and frontend in development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser. The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run backend:start`

Runs the backend in development mode.

Listens on port 8000 and uses /graphql for api calls. Open [http://localhost:8000/graphql](http://localhost:8000/graphql) for interactive graphql interface.

### `npm run frontend:start`

Runs the frontend in development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser. The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run prettier`

Format project through [https://prettier.io/](Prettier). See _/.prettierrc_ for custom rules.

Pro-Tip! Use format-on-save setting in your editor when making changes.

### `npm run fullstack:install`

Installs packages in project root, backend, and frontend.

### `npm run migrate [up|down]`

Migrate db from current version, use it to setup tables and columns from fresh database.

Use `npm run migrate up` to migrate up completely. To migrate {N} migrations from current step, use `npm run migrate up {N}`. `npm run migrate down` migrates down one step at a time.
